[Dean Elna Green:] This is our
very first FutureFest --
The first annual, because
we're going to keep doing it.
We hope that this is going to be
an opportunity
for students and alumni
to mingle and learn from each other.
[Assistant Dean Martha Ginn:] Students, if you
want to just come on filing in...
Make sure you get a program on your way in
because that's going to be really important.
You have a signature sheet...
You need to meet at least six alumni.
You need to get your six signatures
to turn it into the back table
and you'll get your
Pamplin College t-shirt.
[Deke Copenhaver:] I just say to the students,
you know,
when you're in college, you kind of want to
figure out what you're going to do
with the rest of your life, but you really
don't know.
And there's a reason to get a liberal arts degree.
It gives you experience with a lot of different things.
And it's sort of just looking to where you can best
help your community.
Well, when they asked me to do it, I thought
it was a great thing, to talk to students.
Some students wanted to talk about
my Spanish degree, and we talked about
how I was able to teach after that.
Other students wanted to talk to me
a little more business-wise
about my downtown businesses...
I try to tie it together, you know,
about how I taught first,
and how that kind of helped me,
with a real job right after I graduated,
to kind of pursue my dream
of doing something like the Soul Bar.
I always felt that bringing and having
culture and arts
brings a quality of life to a city.
I thought it was a cool way to share
with people
that my degree is in Sociology and
Criminal Justice,
and I have a job in marketing...
... how varied and how diverse
that Sociology degree really can be.
It's important to guide the leaders of tomorrow
because that is our future.
So if I can take any small part
in making sure that we are developing
the kind of leaders that I want,
then I want to do that.